hello friends we have a parcel today we
take off got
quiz looked over this interesting
a knife to read the same in this package came
opinel and very much getting the rest
the contents here are so interesting
chains came
this is for such a quiz and one or
two three four not so 3
open or in carbon, I already see by color
stick and
one opened stainless steel frying 90
so here enel
what and a took so well, interesting 90 to
legs of this size is enough
small here and at the same time same
time u somehow so comfortable 90
stainless steel will immediately try to cut
cuts people and che for. coarse
will have to rule it so next
next we also have 990
but carbon steel
90 of carbon key
hello lie so look so here
in a stainless Nalchik 90 alina
blade
90 carbon steel
here it is
in appearance they are different and
color and here the corresponding inscription
Means dice stainless index
carbon steel carbon
and so the next look
100 g per 100 millimeters well
the knife is more like this too
comfortable and very catchy cafe and knife
overall 1st stands and in size here so
uglerodka carbon to the interesting cuts
not for better there check the flow under
a microscope so 90 let search 90
keeps wondering don't know what to do
sharpening or doing
carbon here that is steel so look
further further we have 12 12 you are carbon
so here is such a good and powerful powerful
whose knife is the length of the blade
120 millimeters
so try on ps well cuts cuts
not bad
those that are made of carbon are cut much
more interesting
very interesting for them either for.
any better
so we check the dress in principle
not bad in principle so well
sending all the best
subscribe to my channel to new
meetings yet